README.md, before:

> Tools and libraries Android programmers should know about, even if they
don't use them.

## Testing

1. [**Robolectric**](https://github.com/robolectric/robolectric): A testing
framework that provides much more functionality than Android's stock testing
support and does not require an attached device.
1. [**AssertJ Android**](https://github.com/square/assertj-android): Provides an
intuitive fluent-style assertion syntax for Android (formerly FEST Android).

## Persistence

1. [**SQLite Asset Helper**](https://github.com/jgilfelt/android-sqlite-asset-helper):
Simplifies the process of shipping with and updating SQLite databases.

## Network

1. [**Robospice**](https://github.com/stephanenicolas/robospice): Attempts to
simplify the process of dealing with async tasks and network requests.
1. [**Android Async HTTP**](https://github.com/loopj/android-async-http):
Simplifies network requests by abstracting away direct interactions with the
apache http client.

## Build

1. [**Gradle Build System**](http://tools.android.com/tech-docs/new-build-system):
The site for the Gradle build system, including usage and release notes.

## Code

1. [**Android Annotations**](https://github.com/excilys/androidannotations/wiki):
Heavy use of annotations in an effort to make code more readable and
maintainable by abstracting away some complexities of Android development.
1. [**Butter Knife**](https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife):
Uses annotations to inject and manage views.

Commit message:

add espresso and deckard-gradle.

README.md, after:

> Tools and libraries Android programmers should know about, even if they
don't use them.

## Testing

1. [**Robolectric**](https://github.com/robolectric/robolectric): A testing
framework that provides much more functionality than Android's stock testing
support and does not require an attached device.
1. [**AssertJ Android**](https://github.com/square/assertj-android): Provides an
intuitive fluent-style assertion syntax for Android (formerly FEST Android).
1. [**Espresso**](https://code.google.com/p/android-test-kit/wiki/Espresso): A
UI unit testing framework. Provides an API to interact
with and assert things about UI elements. Supported by Google.
1. [**deckard-gradle**](https://github.com/robolectric/deckard-gradle): Sample
project demonstrating how to use Robolectric to test and Gradle to build.

## Persistence

1. [**SQLite Asset Helper**](https://github.com/jgilfelt/android-sqlite-asset-helper):
Simplifies the process of shipping with and updating SQLite databases.

## Network

1. [**Robospice**](https://github.com/stephanenicolas/robospice): Attempts to
simplify the process of dealing with async tasks and network requests.
1. [**Android Async HTTP**](https://github.com/loopj/android-async-http):
Simplifies network requests by abstracting away direct interactions with the
apache http client.

## Build

1. [**Gradle Build System**](http://tools.android.com/tech-docs/new-build-system):
The site for the Gradle build system, including usage and release notes.

## Code

1. [**Android Annotations**](https://github.com/excilys/androidannotations/wiki):
Heavy use of annotations in an effort to make code more readable and
maintainable by abstracting away some complexities of Android development.
1. [**Butter Knife**](https://github.com/JakeWharton/butterknife):
Uses annotations to inject and manage views.
